Add execution modes decision docs (#2444)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/guides/run_dbt/airflow-worker/cosmos-managed-venv.rst

.. _cosmos-managed-venv:

Cosmos-managed virtual environment execution mode
========================================================

If you're using managed Airflow, we recommend you use the ``virtualenv`` execution mode.

The ``virtualenv`` mode isolates the Airflow worker dependencies from ``dbt`` by managing a Python virtual environment created during task execution and deleted afterwards.

In this case, you are responsible for declaring which version of ``dbt`` to use by giving the argument ``py_requirements``. Set this argument directly in operator instances or when you instantiate ``DbtDag`` and ``DbtTaskGroup`` as part of ``operator_args``.

Similar to the ``local`` execution mode, Cosmos converts Airflow Connections into a way ``dbt`` understands them by creating a ``dbt`` profile file (``profiles.yml``).
Also similar to the ``local`` execution mode, Cosmos will by default attempt to use a ``partial_parse.msgpack`` if one exists to speed up parsing.

Some drawbacks of this approach:

> - It is slower than ``local`` because it creates a new Python virtual environment for each Cosmos dbt task run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is slower than ``local`` because it may create and update a new Python virtual environment for each Cosmos dbt task run, depending on the Airflow executor and if users set the `ExecutionConfig.virtualenv_dir` configuration.
```
